v3: Enforce key length for EncryptCookie middleware default functions (#3056)
gofiber/fiber: docs/middleware/encryptcookie.md

// Intitializes the middleware
func New(config ...Config) fiber.Handler

> // Returns a random 16, 24, 32 bytes encoded string
> func GenerateKey(length) string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// GenerateKey returns a random string of 16, 24, or 32 bytes.
// The length of the key determines the AES encryption algorithm used:
// 16 bytes for AES-128, 24 bytes for AES-192, and 32 bytes for AES-256-GCM.
func GenerateKey(length) string
```
